Objective:
--------------
1. This document will share details of implementation of the script "run_analysis.R".
2. This document will specify various output files with their names, locations and dataset, as generated by this script.

the script achieves following tasks of the project:

1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
5. From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

This script is logically divided into 9 parts to implement above tasks. Detail of each part as follows:
For further details of each step implementation, please refer to CodeBook.md.

Step 1: 
Reads all training data files (X_train, y_train and subject_train) and stores them in three separate tables (R variable)

Step 2:
Reads all test data files (X_test, y_test and subject_test) and stores them in three separate tables (R variable)

Step 3:
First row-wise merges X_train with X_test, y_train with y_test, subject_train with subject_test. 
Then also merges these three merged files column-wise. 
After both these merging steps there is a table (R variable) where X, y, and subject data present for the combined training and test dataset.

Step 4:
It creates (after checking that the directory does not exist already) a directory named "merged".
Creates the merged file with the table data made in Step 3 , named "merged_data.csv" (in comma separated text file format), under the directory "merged".

Step 5:
It merges the training and test dataset of Inertial Signals as well. There are multiple files under test and train datasets of Inertial Signals.
Scripts runs a loop of number of files in train / test dataset of Inertial Signals and file-wise merges training and test data.
It then writes each of those merged files in .csv format (comma separated text file format) under a new directory "Inertial Signals", created under the parent directory "merged".

Step 6:
It reads the file "features.txt" provided in the dataset to pickup the column names and column indices of variables having only mean or standard deviation data.
Then this selective feature set is applied on the merged data (total of training and test sets), to extract only specific dataset with mean or standard deviation features.

Step 7:
List of column names are formed with selective column names extracted in Step 6 and two more columns Activity and Subject. These colum names are inserted into the 
extracted data table formed in Step 6.

Step 8:
Reads activity_labels.txt file to get the mapping between activity code in the merged dataset and the text label names for each of them.
Then it replaces the activity codes by the respective activity label names in the merged and extracted data set formed in Step 6.
It writes the merged , and modified dataset into a .csv file, named "new_dataset.csv" under the directory "merged"

Step 9:
Generates summary of data set in Step 8, i.e. average of each variable for each Activity and Subject.
For easy and consistent readability of the summary , then arranges the summary rows in the ascending order of Activity name and Subject.
Finally it writes summary data into a separate file, named "summary.csv", under the directory "merged".





